Hotfix: Stop using vscode-nls for some key localizations (#10773)
microsoft/vscode-jupyter: news/2 Fixes/10752.md

> Stopped using localization in certain phrases that would break some of the extension features while we investigate the underlying reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporarily disable localising certain phrases that would break some of the extension features while we investigate the underlying reason.
```
